now in this frying pan I have oil that's
been heating on a medium-high flame for
about five minutes the oil has to be
very very hot and I'll take a whole pop
of them and I'll just drop it in within
a few seconds you see what happens it
swells and bubbles and I'll just let it
drain on top of the frying pan and then
I want you to drain more because I
wanted to be as little greasy as
possible and after it's drained here I'm
going to put it on some paper towels and
you see how crisp it is how it's sort of
standing all by itself
this is a fried papadum there's yet
another way of doing it if you don't
want a little bit of that grease enos
and that is to grill it and if you have
an electric cooker for example you can
just put the papadum under the grill
watch it very carefully because it can
burn and it'll be grilled in about a
minute or even less the other way is
that you have a gas cooker for example
then heat it on a very low flame push
your sleeves up very important get a
pair of tongs a long pair of solid tongs
like this hold the papadum with the
tongs and lay it over the flame and move
it around you see what's going to happen
in a second is beginning to turn white
and spots and the moving means that you
just make sure it doesn't burn you move
it around so every area gets exposed to
the flame like this be sure you get the
edges done now you see what's happening
this particular papadum is not going to
expand as much as the fried one did so
it's a little more solid and a little
it's a little less airy but this is one
way of cooking it's and you can pick
your method really make sure all the
edges get done that's important when
you're doing it by this method so expose
it like this to the flame just the edges
at the end when the edge is beginning to
curl that's a sign that it's done so you
cook it this way and then now this is
almost done and I shall put it alongside
with the other puppet unless being
poppadoms are really wonderful to serve
with drinks they taste wonderful that
way